chore: update docs to 1.5.0 (#93)
stackblitz/webcontainer-docs: docs/api.md

Returns a [`FileSystemTree`](#filesystemtree) when the format is `json`, otherwise a `Uint8Array`.

### ▸ `setPreviewScript`

Added in version `1.5.0`.

> Configure a script to be injected inside all previews. After this function returned,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure a script to be injected inside all previews. After this function resolves,
```

Author: Good catch!

> every preview iframes that are either added or reloaded will now include that extra

Reviewer: ```suggestion
every preview iframe that is either added or reloaded will now include this extra
```

script on all HTML responses.

> Notably, existing previews won't included until they have been reloaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notably, existing previews won't include the script until they have been reloaded.
```

To reload a preview you can use [`reloadPreview`](#reloadpreview)

:::warning

> This API is a pretty advanced feature that should be used only if this is your only option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This API is an advanced feature that should only be used if it is your only option.
```

> As you can control what runs in webcontainer it's usually best to use your own server if you can.

Reviewer: This reads a bit confusingly.

how about something like "Since you can control the content in the pages shown in a preview, it's preferable to add this code when serving the content itself."

Author: Oh that's a good idea :+1:

Reviewer: sounds good to me!

<br />

> In particular, this might break exisiting or future WebContainer features added in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In particular, this might break existing or future WebContainer features added in the future.
```

---

## `PreviewScriptOptions`

> Options that control attributes on a script injected in previews.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Options that control attributes on a script injected into previews.
```

```ts
export interface PreviewScriptOptions {
  type?: 'module' | 'importmap';
  defer?: boolean;
  async?: boolean;
}
```

### `PreviewScriptOptions` Properties

<br />

#### ▸ `type?: 'module' | 'importmap'`

> The type attribute to use for the script. For more information, check the [MDN page on script: type attribute](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/script/type).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The type attribute to use for the script. For more information, check the [MDN page on the script: type attribute](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/script/type).
```

<br />

#### ▸ `defer?: boolean`

> If set to true, then the `defer` attribute will be set on the script tag. For more information, check the [MDN page on script: defer attribute](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/script#async).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If set to true, then the `defer` attribute will be set on the script tag. For more information, check the [MDN page on the script: defer attribute](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/script#async).
```

<br />

#### ▸ `async?: boolean`

> If set to true, then the `async` attribute will be set on the script tag. For more information, check the [MDN page on script: async attribute](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/script#async).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If set to true, then the `async` attribute will be set on the script tag. For more information, check the [MDN page on the script: async attribute](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/script#async).
```
